hi everybody welcome to the dynamic
capabilities working group ok ours for
Cutie Oh 2019 one of our major thrusts
over the course of the next quarter is
going to be making IP NS better faster
and have more features we're going to be
focusing on helping the package managers
working group better utilize I can ask
for the projects that they're going to
be working on which will include making
IP NS more performant especially going
pianos and resolve records you know in
in like several seconds or less as
opposed to right now over you know
several minutes and we'd like to add
features like supporting multiple
writers to a single IP NS records so
that instead of having only one right at
a time you can actually support multiple
writers like with get having multiple
branches and we'd like to have really
good documentation for all of you so you
can see these different configurations
of IPs and how to utilize them
okay
beyond IPS our group is going to be
working on producing some content for
ipfs camp we are also providing extra
support to external partners for ipfs
camp we plan to launch pier pad for real
this quarter and we also are going to be
doing some experimentation with test lab
and trying to see if we can put some
octopus bits into it beyond that for
external partner or external partners
and collaborations with Arkady we are
planning to do a fair amount of chunk of
our time to support his work and that's
it for the q2 okay nice